I'm going to welcome to Nicko's kitchens
fast food Friday today we're making a
favorite of everybody and it's all over
jus that I make some today we're making
my homemade cheeseburgers so the first
thing that we're going to do is get
started on our beef patties now into a
bowl here I'm going to add in some
ground beef or some minced beef now I'm
going to season with some salt and
pepper I'm going to add in one egg I'm
also going to add in some Dijon mustard
and it just gives the burger a nice kick
and I'm also going to add in some bread
crumbs and it just helps bind the burger
together now guys using your hands make
sure they're nice and clean just mix it
through but I want you to be careful
because I don't want you to really
squeeze the meat because if we do that
we're going to make our burger too dense
so I just want you to gently just gently
move it about get everything combined
until it all comes together so guys
that's all you have to do and I tell you
that is the best cheeseburger you'll
ever have so let's start cooking these
bad boys off now you could barbecue our
burgers of course but if you don't have
a barbecue I'm going to show you what
you can do inside so just into a pan I'm
going to add in some vegetable oil so
what I've done guys is I've just got our
patties and I've just modeled them into
a burger patty just like that okay so
you want about that thick
for the best result so straight into the
pan
now you only want to turn these once
guys okay to keep turning them we're
going to lose all that juiciness from
the inside but of course you need them
cooked through each side we'll need
about six to seven minutes on a low to
medium heat nice and slow because if the
heats up too high you'll burn them and
it will be raw in the middle so about
six or seven minutes each side medium
heat and then turn it over and repeat
that so that's the color we're after
guys with our burgers now I'm going to
leave them to rest five minutes and
while they're resting I've got some
cheese okay now I've got some gels Berg
cheese you use whatever cheese that you
want to but I do love the flavor of this
cheese on the burgers but if you want to
use cheddar by all means go for it so
it's as easy as this just lay it over
the top of that burger and it will melt
just sitting there so I've just
transferred our burgers to another plate
and using the same pan I'm going to fry
off some onions so the onions won't take
on guys over a medium to high heat just
keep steering them make sure that our
burner what we're after is a beautiful
caramel color and they start to go nice
and soft so our onions are done so let's
start assembling these bad boys so guys
on top of our burger bun that we've got
here I'm going to put on some tomato
sauce and spread it around all around
onto the sides there I'm going to place
on our burger patty
I'm going to spoon over some of those
onions and guys just before I put the
top on have a look at that absolutely
gorgeous with the beef the cheese the
onion core and just put the top on the
burger here we go
that burger is so juicy look at that oh
man
so guys being a burger you could put
anything on there that you want you
could put lettuce tomato pickle beetroot
if you wanted to it's up to you but make
sure you give this a go because it is
going to be the best homemade
cheeseburger you've ever had in your
life all the ingredients to make this
cheese burger are below check it out
you take care and I'll see you this
Monday for mystery Monday so make sure
you get your 6 or less random
ingredients into me and I'll see you
then